# The final project "Text classification - reviews score prediction" for Bootcamp Data Science PRO by Sages (Kodołamacz)
# Joanna Czarnocka, December 2022
## Intoduction
In this project a challenging task of English text classification based on online books reviews will be undertaken which is an example attempt to solve a NLP problem. It is useful business exercise that can be applied to automatic comments/reviews scoring which could be afterwards used for books demand for online shops prediction. Let's notice that we want have a tool that is universal - produces scoring prediction for review or it's summary and without any other supporting variables like book title or price. Data for modelling have been taken from the Data Science competition portal - Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mohamedbakhet/amazon-books-reviews , they are in csv format and contain textual book reviews from Amazon. Machine learning techniques (classification models building, training and using for prediction) will be used to perform task of reviews scoring of unknown reviews texts. Due to RAM problems (experienced even on free version of Colab) dataset will be limited from 3,000,000 records to 50,000 records. Other approaches could be also taken to increase quality of models and keep huge number of records (application of Colab Pro or core techniques).

Frequent problems on Colab with these amount of data even after limitation of records (in Polish): "Twoja sesja uległa awarii po użyciu całej dostępnej pamięci RAM. Jeśli chcesz używać środowisk wykonawczych wykorzystujących dużą ilość pamięci RAM, sprawdź wersję Colab Pro.", in English: "Your session crashed after using all available RAM. If you want to use RAM-intensive runtimes, check out Colab Pro". This is reason why we don't include full models' trianing results since it was difficult to repeat them all after final notebook's modifications.
